Sequencer64 User Manual
Chris Ahlstrom
2015-11-01 to 2016-06-04

This project provides two things:

   1. A user manual for Sequencer64, a continuation of the simple, but
      powerful, looping sequencer for Linux, Seq24.
   2. Sample items to accompany the manual.

Sequencer64 is now a lot further along, with many new features over Seq24, and
a slightly more modern look.  We have scoured the Web for important patches to
Seq24 to make sure that they are incorporated into Sequencer64. Therefore, a
whole new version of the manual, specific to Sequencer64 is a necessity.

Here are some of the new features of Sequencer64:

   -  More mouse and keystroke support in the sequence and song editor windows:
      -  Ability to move selected notes using the arrow keys.
      -  Better explanation of existing keystroke support for those windows.
      -  Additional keystroke support found by Googling for seq24 all around
         the Internet.  For example, "p" for entering "paint" (draw) mode.
      -  Ability to use the Mod4/Super/Windows key to keep editing (painting)
         mode enabled after release the right mouse button, to better support
         some of the modern crappy touchpads shipped with laptops.  This
         support is also present in the Song Editor.
   -  Created a new font, enabled at build time, that is bolder and has a more
      modern, anti-aliased look.
   -  Additional color support:
      -  Support for showing empty (i.e. having only meta events) sequences in
         a highlighting color.
      -  Modification of the colors of the scale and background sequence in the
         sequence editor to make it easier to see them all.
      -  Support for showing the sequence which is currently being edited in a
         different highlight color.
   -  An event editor that shows all events in an editable event list.
   -  Support for a "pause" key.
   -  Full support for expanded "rc" and "usr" configuration files in the
      ~/.config/sequencer64 directory.
   -  Many new build-time options, configure-time options, and run-time
      options.
   -  A raft of optimizations and bug fixes, with more to come.

To recreate the PDF file (the latest version is stored in the "pdf"
directory), you will need to install GNU make, latexmk, tex-live, pdf2latex,
and other resources related to LaTeX and PDF support.  If everything is
in place, then a simple "make" command will create the PDF document.

"make clean" in the top-level directory or the "tex" directory will remove
all of the generated products (except for the PDF).

Lastly, although this manual is well underway, it needs a lot of work and
a lot of help!  It is still a work in progress.

# vim: ts=3 sw=3 et ft=sh
